Okay.
So now that we have our new job filter signed by prompt component, I think it'd be a good idea to add
at least a basic test for it.
So let's create a test suite.
So right here in my file Explorer, I'm going to go to my tests unit directory, the components folder,
job results, job filter, sidebar.
And in here I can create job filters.
Sidebar.
Prompt is the name of my component.
And then test that.
Yes.
There we go.
And.
We'll begin with the usual.
So we'll start by importing our mount function.
Let's start with Mount four now and that's going to come from view test utils.
I do want to kind of render this action button because I think it's a pretty lightweight component to
render in the full mount this child component right here on line number five.
So I see no problem with the full mount for now.
Then of course, the heart of this component is what happens when we click on that action button.
We invoke the clear user job filter selections function right here, and that commits a mutation to
the View Store, which is provided by the use store composable.
So of course I will need to mark out use store, which means we need to import it.
So right here I'm going to import the use store function and that's going to come from view X and immediately
on the line below I will mark out all of you X.
So now I have the default implementation and after that I will define use store mock, which will simply
be use store but as a different type of just the mock.
Then of course I want to import my actual component, which is called job filters.
Sidebar prompt.
That's going to come from the source directory components, job results, job filter, sidebar, and
then job filter, sidebar, prompt type view.
Here we go.
And we can create a new described block for it.
So we are describing the job filter sidebar prompt.
Here we go.
And I want to add another bit of context here so somebody understands what is going on.
So I'm going to add another describe that says when your user clicks clear filters button.
So I kind of define the scenario that I'm in and then actually define the responsibility of the component
in the IT function call.
So I'm going to say it sends message to clear all of users job search filters.
And I'm using the generic terminology of sends message because I don't want to specifically talk about
the wax.
I want to make it kind of agnostic of the implementation and just describe the value.
So we're going to need to have a customer return value for our user.
Max, right here, I'm going to invoke mock return value.
And what I really want to test here is I want to mount the component.
I want to trigger a click on this action button.
And I want to make sure that we invoke the commit method and provide it with the right string argument.
So in order to do that, I'm going to need to track what commit is invoked with.
And in order to do that, I'm going to need to make sure that commit is a just function which can track
its own invocations as well as arguments.
So right here, what I'm going to do is define a concept called commit.
That will be a just mock function, and the object that I return from a use store will have a commit
method and that will reference my commit just function up above.
So when this function runs, it's going to call commit, which is really going to call this thing on
line number 12.
And with that, we are good to mount our component.
So const wrapper is going to mount my.
Job filter, sidebar prompt.
All right.
The next thing I want to do is search for this nested component and click on it.
I'm going to try to use the data test approach once again.
So I'm going to say const button.
And on my wrapper, I'm going to invoke the find method and say that I am looking for something with
a data test attribute equal to some string.
And let's say this, this will simply be called clear user job filters.
Again.
The name doesn't matter as long as you provide the exact same thing in your template.
Then what I want to do is assuming I have a button, I want to trigger a click on it as a reminder.
The way I can do that on this view wrapper object that I get back is that's going to have a trigger
method and I provide trigger with a string representing the event that I want to trigger.
Right.
So in this case, I want to trigger a click on the button.
This is going to be an asynchronous event.
It takes a or an asynchronous method in the test file.
It's going to take a little bit of time for the test to actually click.
So I need to make sure I await this because it returns a promise.
And if I await this, then I also need to make sure that I make the actual test function right here
async.
All right.
So I'm going to make this second argument in async function.
I'm going to use await and after I click and all the logic run runs through.
That means we have if everything were correctly, we have click the button.
We have thus run this logic and that means the commit method should have been invoked and it should
have been invoked with this.
So here we have reference to commit on line number 12 and I'm going to say that I expect commit to have
been called with.
And remember, that's not just testing that it's been invoked, but testing that it's been invoked with
the exact argument we expect.
And of course, what we expect is a string of clear user job filter selections.
All right, so let's save that.
And of course, it should fail because it's not able to find the button.
And the reason it's not able to find the button is because there's nothing with that data assist attribute.
So luckily, the solution here should be pretty simple right here.
I'm going to add the data test attribute said, of course, to the exact same thing I have on the right,
which is clear user job filters with all those dashes, whatever name you gave the data test is exactly
what you must type out here.
It looks like Iceland is happy with me right here and it looks as well like our tests are passing.
All right.
And that really, I think, is the heart of everything we need to test.
As far as the prompt component, this is all basic time.
al-Qazzaz It's really the user's interaction with the action button and how that communicates with the
view store and what mutation it sends.
That's really the responsibility of this component.
So I think this one test is enough to capture all that logic.
All right.
So more progress, and I will see you in the next lesson.